Hello guys, welcome to the video. In
this video, I'm going to be teaching you
guys the best progression in this game.
This will include the best pickaxe
progression, the best level progression,
the best armor and weapon recipes, and
how to make the armor I'm literally
wearing right now. I'm also going to be
teaching you guys how to get the best
runes in the game, and I'm going to be
teaching you guys all the best things in
this game. Starting off, we're going to
start off with the easiest one, the best
pickaxe progression in the game.
Basically, what you want to do is buy
the cobalt pickaxe whenever you can, so
you can mine uh the rocks up there way
easier. And then what you want to do is
go ahead and get the Myithil pickaxe.
Skip titanium and skip uranium. They're
both not that good. I suggest just
getting my after you get Myithil, go
back to island one, and then what you
want to do is get the arcane pickaxe.
Arcane pickaxe is currently the best in
the game. Some people might say the
demonic pickaxe is the best in the game,
but in my opinion, I feel like the
arcane pickaxe is much better. Mainly
because of the luck and the swing speed.
So, it's way way better. So, if we come
over here, guys, it should be there
should be like a little cave over here.
If you haven't unlocked it, you can
search up a YouTube tutorial on how to
do it. I already opened it, so I don't
think I can do it. But yeah, right here,
this is the arcane pickaxe. I wonder,
can I buy it again? Okay, I can't. But
uh yeah, this is the arcane pickaxe. And
if you have the goblin race, make sure
to equip the goblin race whenever you're
buying stuff because look now when I go
buy this, it's 110k instead of 125k. So
I'm saving a whole 15k by just putting
on a different race. This race is only a
rare, by the way, so you can really get
it pretty easily. Oh yeah, another thing
I want to show you guys is how to get
fishium or whatever the hell it's
called. fishium or whatever. So,
basically what you want to do is come
over here, stand on this little box,
this little crate right here. It's going
to be next to this tomo guy and then you
want to jump just jump through this
panel right here and just go ahead and
do this. Okay, I failed it. Although it
might take me a few times, so just give
me a moment. Oh, never mind. It didn't
take me that that long. Oh my god. Okay,
now we got to go down here. And as you
guys can see, there's lucky blocks. By
the way, it might take you a very long
time to mine these. Okay, I have a full
stash. Hold up. Okay, let me go ahead
and sell some stuff. And then we're
going to go ahead and mine a few of
these so I can show you guys the next
thing that you guys can do. All right,
let's do that. And am I able to mine all
of them at once? I don't think I can
mine all of them at once. Can I? Hold
up. I'm trying my best.
No, I can't. Okay, it's whatever. Uh,
we're going to go ahead and get three of
them and then I'll come back to you
guys.
All right, we're almost done mining this
last block. And the reason why these are
so good is not because of the damage,
because the damage is literally zero.
So, we go ahead and reset real quick.
I'll show you guys why it's so good.
Now, what we're going to do is go ahead
and forge a dagger real quick. And let's
do that. There we go. Just go ahead and
break it. Okay. It doesn't matter which
dagger you get. Just make sure you make
a dagger out of it.
All right. Now that you have the fishium
dagger, what you want to do is go ahead
and go back to the second world. Now,
the reason why this dagger is going to
be useful for us is mainly because the
achievement down here is the upgraded
achievement. And if you finish all the
upgrades, you get more critical chance
boost. It's going to be really, really
good to do. Even if you don't really use
it that much, at least you'll get like a
title out of it and some other stuff.
So, what we're going to do is go ahead
and keep upgrading it. And I'll come
back to you guys when it's maxed out.
I'm not going to lie to you guys. cuz
I'm not going to continue cuz this is
going to take way too What the hell? Why
is that on screen? But it's going to
take me way too long to keep doing that.
So, I'm not going to keep doing that. It
also seems like they buffed the prices a
little bit. But either way, it's still a
good thing to do cuz it literally look
at this. I upgraded it like I don't know
like 90 times, I think. And yeah, it's
pretty high now. By the way, if you
haven't liked and subscribed yet, what
are you doing? Like and subscribe.
Please, please, especially if this helps
you. Please like and subscribe. I'm
trying to hit 10K by the end of the
month. Now, I'm going to be teaching you
guys the best level progression.
Basically, uh I'm just for now I'm going
to go ahead and buy some potions because
we're going to need it later on. Oh, I
don't have enough spots in my stash.
Hold on. I'm going to go ahead and sell
real quick. All right. Now that we sold
everything, what we're going to do is go
ahead and show you guys the two best
level progressions for you. Mainly if
you're endgame and mid game. It's the
same as a money method kind of.
Basically, all you need to do is have a
fast uh fast build. And what you want to
do is go ahead and just kill the enemies
down in hell. So that means just go
ahead and kill these guys. There might
be some other people also grinding down
here, but just go ahead and just ground
with them. Might as well. But let's say
this is too hard for you and you're
dying too easily or you just don't have
uh strong enough equipment. Basically,
what you want to do is just follow me
over here and you want to come inside of
here instead. Also, this is AFK mining
place if you guys didn't know. Uh this
guy can't mine this cuz it's not Basllet
uh vein. I mean, not a Basllet uh core,
but you can also grind in here and this
will be way easier for you. you probably
won't even get damaged that much. And
even if you do get damage, most likely
you're not going to get that that hurt
about it. Like it's they do very little
damage. And as you can see, if you guys
look in the bottom uh bottom left, I am
gaining a lot of XP just for killing
these weak ass enemies. Like if I kill
this guy, I get a free 80 XP for that.
And I can kill these guys like in
basically one to two hits. So it's
pretty easy to grind down here if you
guys need levels that badly. By the way,
guys, if you guys didn't know, guilds
are going to be coming out very, very
soon in the next update. So, I'm going
to make be making a guild called the
Arcane. If you guys want to join my
guild, go ahead and check the
description and go ahead and join the
Discord server. Make sure you're level
125 or more and then we'll accept you in
the guild. We are trying to make the
best guild in the game. If you're
exploiting, obviously, you're going to
be banned from our guild. But yeah,
everyone in the guild, we're going to go
ahead and find the best people and we're
going to go ahead and try to be the best
in the game. So yeah, if you guys are
high level and want to join a guild when
the guilds first come out, go ahead and
join my Discord server. It's called the
Arcane in the description and yeah,
we'll go ahead and accept you. Now, I'm
going to be going back to the uh
foraging place because I'm going to show
you guys some of the best crafting
recipes to get the best armor and the
best weapons. So, I'm going to show you
guys the best armor recipe first. This
is the armor recipe that I always use.
Go ahead and throw some myith my in. Go
ahead and throw some eye ore in. For
this, we're just going to pretend my
ravalite is a light. Uh cuz light is my
main source of like speed in this game.
That's why I use it so much. So, we're
going to go ahead and put 11. And let's
say I had like 11 demonite or 11 dark.
I'd also put that in, too. Mainly
because of the multiplier. It helps with
your multiplier a lot. And it's very,
very good to use. But whatever you want
it to mainly look like, you want to put
one more of it because then it would
look basically let's say it was this.
It's going to mainly look like eye or if
we do one more of this, it's just going
to mainly look like myithil. If we had
one more, basically if we had it like
this,
go ahead and do this. It would mainly
look like demonite. I really feel like
this is the best way. And I'll tell you
guys why these are the best. Myithil is
good because of the 15% extra uh
vitality that it gives you and it helps
you a lot especially with the eye or uh
con that it has. The eye or con is that
it gives you negative 10% vitality but
the thing is it gives you 15 uh 15% more
physical damage which is very very
useful. And then I say light eye mainly
because light eye helps you a lot with
movement speed and gives you 15% extra
movement speed which will help you a lot
while you're grinding. And I say demon
knight or darkright mainly because
darkright has the same uh ability as the
shadow the shadow race and you have a
chance of dodging any attacks and it's
really really good. And the reason why
demon eye is so good is because it has a
25% chance to burn your enemy when
you're uh when you take a hit which is
the same ability as the demon race. Now
the best things for weapons are mainly
eye ore. So we're going to throw in some
eye ore. And then you also want magmite.
I don't have any magmite so I'm going to
pretend this fireite is magmite. And
then what I would say is throwing dark
and demonite. Even though the dark ray
and demonite trait does not affect the
weapon. The main thing is the
multiplier. And the multiplier means a
lot in this game because the multiplier
means how much better the weapon is
going to be. As you guys know, the eye
or gives you negative 10% vitality, but
it gives you 15% more physical damage.
And then this fire right is going to be
magmite instead. And the magmite would
give you explosion damage, which is
really, really useful, especially when
you're in a battle. And then dark and
demonite is just really, really good for
the multiplier. And for anyone saying
that obsidian is good, it is not good.
If we go over here and look at my index
real quick and check out obsidian, look
at its multip multiplier. It has a 2.35
multiplier and its trait is giving you
30% more uh vitality, but that is really
really bad, especially for its
multiplier. So, it doesn't really matter
if you have have more vitality because
your defense is going to be tanked like
crazy if you craft it. I'm also going to
teach you guys how to make the armor I'm
literally wearing literally right now. A
lot of you guys were asking how I made
this armor. And basically what I did,
we're going to pretend that this myithil
No, we're going to pretend h we're going
to pretend this rainium is light. Okay,
because I don't have any light on me
right now. What I did is throw in 10 to
12 um reanium. Well, light and then I
threw in some myithil. And then I would
throw throw in some eye warp. And then
obviously what I would do next is
obviously throw in some dark right
mainly just because of the multiplier
and that's all I really wanted. And
basically this is what my recipe was.
And mainly it would look like light
because I wanted it to look I wanted the
armor to look like light. So that's why
I mainly did light. And let's say you
didn't want to make a chest plate cuz
this has the highest chance to get a
chest plate. Go ahead and remove one of
each. Then you get a better chance to
get the next thing. So we'll go ahead
and remove one of each again. And then
boom, better chance to get leggings and
a helmet. If you guys want to get a
helmet, go ahead and just remove some
more until you have a chance to get the
helmet. You guys can keep doing that on
rinse and repeat and you'll get the full
set eventually. Now, I'm going to be
talking about the best weapon runes in
the game. Now, if we go to my stash and
we check out some of the weapon runes I
have, I mostly just keep attack speed
runes, mainly because attack speed is
the best in this game. The best things
to get are attack speed and lethality
because those will help you much more in
battle and will help like significantly
better. I choose attack speed over v uh
over lethality. I mean, mainly because
it's I feel like it's better just to
swing faster because I am mostly a
movement player, so I move around a lot.
And yeah, just having attack speed just
is very very useful in general. And as
you guys can see, I have 18% attack
speed on here. I haven't seen anything
higher than 18%, there might be a 19% or
a 20%, but I haven't seen it yet. I'm
trying to get that because honestly, I
want to make the best uh best like speed
build. So, yeah. Also, guys, I suggest
you not to use a heavy weapon. I know
they do more damage. I know you guys say
that you onetap everything in the game
besides the reapers, but the thing is
even if you do that, like if we go uh if
we go over here and go back to the
volcano area real quick. So, let's say I
go ahead and attack this guy right here.
By the time you guys one tap, he's
already dead. By the time you guys one
tap, he's already dead. I'm not going to
lie to you. And especially if someone's
grinding uh with you and they have a
fast-paced weapon, they're going to kill
uh the enemy first before you you're
even to kill them. So, that's why I'd
say use a fast-paced weapon, mainly
because you'll get more hits in, and
even if someone else takes the kill,
you'll still get the essences from uh
hitting the person. So, it's way better
to have a fast-paced weapon. And look
how fast I kill Reapers. Oh, wait. Okay,
well, he just parried the hell out of
me. But look, literally, I kill him like
really fast. He's already dead. Like,
it's so useful to have a fast-paced
weapon rather than a heavy weapon
because let's say that Reaper parries
your attack, you're [__] I'm not
going to lie to you. You're hella
[__] and it's going to be really bad
because you have to wind up that swing
again and then you're not going to be
able to swing for another like 1.2
seconds. So, you're going to be cooked.
Also, if you guys already have Tommo's
quest and you want to finish his quest,
what you need to do is pay the Goblin
King 75k in total for all of his quests.
He's going to give you five quests to
finish all of it. And then what you want
to do is run through here. You're going
to have to unlock it, obviously. And
then what you're going to do now, oh my
god, I'm going to have to grind some
Arcane Crystals in here. I'm not going
to lie to you. But basically, what you
want to do is come over here. And then
you just want to walk in this waterfall.
And then just walk straight. Just walk
straight through this. And then boom.
Tommo's cat is gonna be right here. I
don't see him because I already claimed
him and I already uh got the title for
it. If you guys don't know what title
you get, you get the cat lover title.
But I'm not going to lie to you guys.
I'm going to go get some luck potions
and I'm going to end the video right
here. Uh cuz I'm going to go ahead and
grind that because I want to get some
arcane crystals. They're not they don't
even have any traits. I just kind of
want it. But yeah, I appreciate you guys
for watching the video. I'll see you
guys in the next video or maybe even
live stream.